https://github.com/jbbernardin/2121Project_YTModeling.git


i) YouTube Modeling Project

ii) The goal of this project is to model a YouTube channel, starting from scratch with no subscribers or views, and simulate its growth over time with daily uploads.
With a completed model, there should be a distribution such that a small portion of channels modeled through this simulation will receive 1,000,000 subscribers,
which I am using as a metric to indicate an established creator, i.e. this individual could generate their primary income from this channel, but the majority of 
channels should not receive nearly as much success.

iii) The first simulation is being submitted with this text file, but can also be accessed via the above github link. The description is as follows:
% This function models a youtube channel posting videos starting with 0 
% views and 0 subscribers. Assuming one video is uploaded a day, this
% each day the total number of users are iterated through and have a chance
% to view the video. Their chance of viewing the video increases as views
% accumulate on that video. Additionally, each viewer has a percent chance
% of subscribing. A subscribed viewer has a significantly higher chance of
% viewing future videos.

iv) My findings on the most recent run of this code was a total subscriber count of 47 and 185 total views. This is significantly lower than I would have expected to
see over 1000 days, but I was only able to have this code run with 1/1000 of the total site traffic. 

v) Going forward, I need to complete the following, in order of priority:
1. optimize my code so I can account for the full site traffic
2. ensure views from subscribers, not just from non-subscribed users, also influence views from viewers
3. graph one channel's growth, focusing on daily views and subscribers
4. graph a histogram of multiple channels' subscribers/views
5. tweak percentages until the histogram has only a small percentage of channels with 1000000+ subscribers
6. implement other factors such as likes, comments and watch time